# Paleozoey-s-Schematics
My repository of various schematics of trees &amp; other things for Minecraft Worldpainter, Worldedit, Litematica, and other programs &amp; mods.

This project of mine started a while back in the fall of 2022, in the process of making a world for a nations/worldbuilding RP Minecraft server called TerraTales. The project as a whole was abandoned by its leaders and fell into disrepair, but the players loved the map we made- except for the trees. The tree schematics I used were not meant to have leaf decay enabled. This was also an issue on previous servers many TT players had played on- custom trees were not meant to experience leaf decay, or else they'd appear bare and dying. I decided to put an end to that in the Worldpainter community for good, and sought to make my own survival-friendly trees. 

I started out in my own backyard- literally. I built a few trees that I knew of and lived around from where I grew up in central Florida- pines, oaks, palmettos, mangroves, and cypresses. Then, I moved on to some "living fossil" type trees like ginkgoes and dawn redwoods. The latter project took me down a rabbit hole into very obscure places in the paleobotanical literature, including many places I could only access with my university library login. Then I did a bunch of stuff from Africa, then Asia, then some scale-model animal megafauna, corals and sponges, then Europe, and eventually had so much clutter and overlap that I grew exhausted of it all. Switching computers to my current laptop didn't help either, and I lost many schematics.

I initially categorized the schematics on my Planet Minecraft account over at https://www.planetminecraft.com/collection/193603/zoe-s-worldpainter-schems/ in various neat little downloads as .zip files. But the files kept getting bigger, I updated old schematics that weren't up to my growing standards, added new ones, had overlap in different packs, and overall people wanted to adhere less to IRL ecosystems and more to the aesthetics of vanilla Minecraft. Oh well. So now here I am, over 800 individual schematics later, changing the format of my uploads to Github instead of PMC. Still here for your creative needs and to be a big botany nerd about it. I'm not even studying botany in school- I'm a geosciences major. It's literally just a hobby of mine.  

So here's to hoping I figure out how this thing works....
-Paleozoey
